Why do we need to secure our egress traffic?
Picture an environment that requires PCI compliance.
In order to meet the compliance requirements,
outbound destinations must be explicitly defined.
What about a scenario where an instance was compromised with a cryptojacking attack,
where a cryptocurrency minor has been placed on
the instance and is illicitly connecting to a ledger out there?
It is important to have a method of restricting this type
of traffic and also have some visibility into it.
While this is not a capability of the NAT gateway device,
there are a few solutions out there.
Set up a Web proxy layer,
this is the simplest way to log application Internet traffic.
Proxies can also be used to restrict traffic to allowed sites.
There are a few drawbacks with this approach.
Applications and instances that require Internet access will
need to be configured to make use of an HTTP proxy.
The proxy firm itself will need to be configured, managed, and maintained.
What about inline gateway appliances?
These appliances generally come from commercial vendors and provide a range of
capabilities for controlling and inspecting outbound traffic out-of-the-box.
They're specifically designed for situations where
companies need to meet security and compliance requirements.
Cost is the biggest barrier to this approach.
A host-based intrusion detection system is
an agent-based solution that runs on each instance,
providing many of the capabilities that an inline gateway appliance provides,
including egress control and data loss prevention,
and intrusion detection and prevention.
There are commercial and open source solutions offered.
The advantage is that your network design could remain simple and unchanged.
The biggest disadvantage of this approach is enforcing
all hosts in your environment to have the agent running.
So to wrap it up, we have discussed the standard options for
Internet connectivity in the AWS Cloud environment,
highlighted concerns with security and compliance,
and discussed some of the approaches and options to address
these concerns when architecting your Cloud infrastructure.